[micronova] Add update_interval to switch entity (#5747)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: content/components/micronova.md

### Configuration variables

- **stove** (*Optional*): Turn the stove on or off. This switch will also reflect the current stove state.
  If the **stove_state** is "Off" the switch will be off, in all other states, the switch will be on.
  - **update_interval** (*Optional*, [Time](/guides/configuration-types#time)): The interval at which the state should be

>     checked. Defaults to 60 seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **update_interval** (*Optional*, [Time](/guides/configuration-types#time)): The interval at which the state should
    be checked. Defaults to 60 seconds.
```

### Configuration variables

- **stove** (*Optional*): Turn the stove on or off. This switch will also reflect the current stove state.
  If the **stove_state** is "Off" the switch will be off, in all other states, the switch will be on.

>   - **update_interval** (*Optional*, [Time](/guides/configuration-types#time)): The interval that the sensors should be checked. Defaults to 60 seconds.

Reviewer: I think `sensors` is the wrong word here. Maybe the `state should be checked`?

Author: ```suggestion
  - **update_interval** (*Optional*, [Time](/guides/configuration-types#time)): The interval at which the state should be checked. Defaults to 60 seconds.
```

>   - **update_interval** (*Optional*, [Time](/guides/configuration-types#time)): The interval at which the state should be checked. Defaults to 60 seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **update_interval** (*Optional*, [Time](/guides/configuration-types#time)): The interval at which the state should be
    checked. Defaults to 60 seconds.
```
